\documentclass{acm_proc_article-sp-sigmod07}

\begin{document}

\title{Framework for comparison between classification algorithms}
\numberofauthors{2}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
This paper presents a framework useful for the comparison between
classification algorithms.
The main evaluation measures used are time used for building the
classification structure, space consumed by the structure and the accuracy
of the classification provided.

The example provided here is the evaluation of the performances of a
generic decision tree and the Random Decision Tree algorithm by Wei Fan.
\end{abstract}

\section{INTRODUCTION}
The main objective of this work is to measure and compare the performances
of different classification algorithms. In particular we have focused on
the Random Decision Tree algorithm, comparing its performances with a
decision tree based on Information Gain.

During the development of the project we took care of two different
aspects, in fact we provided an implementation of the algorithms tested
and we have implemented a framework able to launch and measure the
performance of the different algorithms.

The evaluation of the algorithm is based on three measures: the time spent
for build the classification structure, the space needed to store and use
this structure and the accuracy of the algorithm.

The accuracy is defined as the percentage of correctly classified
datapoints in a dataset.
For allowing the analysis of the accuracy on every dataset, our framework
integrates the possibility to perform a cross validation over the dataset
using a user chosen percentage of datapoints for training ant the other
for testing.

The testing environment realized permits the setting of many parameters
used for tuning the classification task, in order to measure the influence
of those parameters on the overall performance.

The language chosen for the implementation of the platform and the
algorithms is Python. This choice has been made because of the relative
simplicity of the language which permitted us to focus more attention on
the algorithmic part rather than on solving more fine grain implementation
problems.




\end{document}
